Update readme to add linux instructions (#2680)
DataDog/integrations-core: sqlserver/README.md

3. [Restart the Agent][3] to start sending SQL Server metrics to Datadog.

#### Linux

> Extra configuration steps are required to get the sqlserver integration running on a Linux host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra configuration steps are required to get the SQL Server integration running on a Linux host:
```
